Big query bug xsup 28132 (#29680)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleBigQuery/ReleaseNotes/1_1_7.md

#### Integrations

##### Google BigQuery

> - Fixed an issue where the wrong param was used in test module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *Test* button failed on authentication error.
```
